all right everyone this is why finally
completed rocks no miss helmet I feel
menacing when I'm in the helmet for some
reason I really feel like I'm Dark Samus
but this was actually made out of a
failed helmet I had and then I just kind
of repaired it bond noted fiber lasted
epoxy sculpted it to Walla lots of
sanding and many man-hours and elbow
grease later we have a completed dark
samus go to MIT and I wanted to get that
swimming Faison effect through it and
it's kind of like glowing and I don't
know if the camera is picking it up yet
or not but I do have lighting inside of
here I mean a Metroid helmet wouldn't be
complete without the glowing visor
especially dark samus is then I got the
little neck brace thing here well I
don't know why I said no race the neck
piece it's you know kind of scene in the
game well when you do get to see dark
samus up close and you only usually get
this year for a millisecond before she's
gone actually I don't even know I'm can
i'm referring to dark samus is a she
because technically dark samus is a is
the metroid prime core just kind of
hijacked you know samus is faizan suit
in the end of metroid prime spoiler
alert
but yeah I'm gonna show you guys my look
like with the lights off lights oh here
I me in the dark yeah it was a like I
said you know many hours on and off
hours of work I mean I was originally
just going to travel the project because
I'm so wrapped up in tons of other
projects but I decided to really work on
it and you know finally I'm finally done
with it but now I can put it behind me
you can see kind of some of the 3d
sculpting portions I've done through you
because the suit itself is more or less
than alive tightbeam since its you know
more Metroid than anything else and
that's kind of like you know the effect
i was going for with all these you know
crazy 3d poppy-out affect things but
yeah you guys need to let me know what
you think about this then thanks for
watching